Before we move on from the exploration complete listener, I do want to mention that you might notice
a little hole in logic inside of here.
At present we are saying that any time we receive the expiration complete event, we are always going
to set in order to cancelled and this will be applied even if an order has already been paid for.
So I just want to point out that there is a little bit of a hole in here.
So we're going to first take care of our payment service and then once we have the idea of payments,
we're going to revisit this thing and make sure that we consider a order that has been paid for to be
fully complete and that we should not cancel it after we have paid for it.
So with all that in mind, I bet you can guess what we're going to do next.
Yep, that's right.
We're going to start to work on our payments service, the payment service right here.
I want to first begin by just getting a quick overview on what events this thing is going to be receiving
and what it's going to be emitting.
The payment service is going to first receive an event of order created.
It will receive this event just to tell it that, hey, here's some order.
Expect to get a payment for it.
The real goal of communicating order created over is to make sure that the payment service knows how
much money in addition it should be receiving.
Besides that, the payment service is also going to listen for order cancelled.
So as soon as the order service emits a order cancelled event, we're going to want to tell payments.
Hey, time to stop listening for events.
If anyone tries to submit a payment, just reject it.
And then finally the payment service itself is going to emit a charge created event.
So charge created represents someone paying us some money for an order that church created is eventually
going to go over to the order service and tell it that someone has paid for an order and we should market
as paid or complete or whatever else.
So that is the payment service in a nutshell.
Now, obviously, we have not really discussed and we want for just a little bit how are we going to
actually accept payments?
Yes, we are going to handle actual credit card numbers and whatnot.
This is going to be a pretty realistic looking payment service.
But right now, let's just do a little bit of initial setup on that thing.
So quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to duplicate the ticket service again, get
all those dependencies, use some Kubernetes setup, all that stuff that we are now very much used to
doing.